---
layout: page
title: Privacy policy
subtitle: Our privacy policy
date: 2017-03-23
---

# PRIVACY POLICY
Please assume that everything you contribute intentionally to Freeko, is public. This includes emails on public lists, wikis, online discussions of all sorts, and software or documentation that you post to this website or our revision control repositories.

Although what you disclose here is public, we are all limited by copyright and patent law in how we may use your contributions.

# WEBSITE USAGE PRIVACY POLICY
Information about your use of this website is collected using server access logs and a tracking cookie. The collected information consists of the following:

* The IP address from which you access the website;
* The type of browser and operating system you use to access our site;
* The date and time you access our site;
* The pages you visit; and
* The addresses of pages from where you followed a link to our site.

We use the gathered information to help us make our site more useful to visitors and to better understand how and when our site is used. We do not track or collect personally identifiable information or associate gathered data with any personally identifying information from other sources.

By using this website, you consent to the collection of this data in the manner and for the purpose described above.

# ACCESSING MODIFYING OR UPDATING YOUR INFORMATION
Freeko gives you the ability to access, modify or update your information at any time. You may log in and make changes to your login information (change your password), your contact information, your general preferences and your personalization settings. If necessary, you may also contact us and describe the changes you want made to the information you have previously provided.

If you wish to remove your personal information from Freeko, you may contact us and request that we remove this information from our systems. Other locations where you may have used your personal information as an identifier (e.g. issue tracking comments, list postings in the archives, irc channel history, and spec changelogs) will not be altered.
